added testing deeplinks (#9)
ScreaMy7/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-TEST-0288.md

---
title: Unvalidated URL from Deep Link Loaded in WebView
platform: android
id: MASTG-TEST-0288
type: [static]
weakness: MASWE-0088
profiles: [L1, L2]
---

### Overview

> This vulnerability occurs when an application receives a URL from an external source, such as a deep link's query parameter, and loads it into a WebView without proper validation. A malicious application could send a specially crafted Intent containing a deep link with a malicious URL. When the vulnerable app's WebView loads this URL, the embedded script executes within the context of the app, leading to a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability. This can be used to steal session cookies, inject fake content, or perform actions on behalf of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This vulnerability arises when an app accepts a URL from an external source such as a deep link query parameter and loads it into a WebView without validation. An attacker can craft a malicious Intent containing a deep link with a harmful URL. When loaded, the WebView executes the embedded script in the app’s context, resulting in a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability. This could allow theft of session cookies, injection of fake content, or unauthorized actions on behalf of the user.
```
